---
title: "Walking to Infinity Along Some Number Theory sequences" 
excerpt: This work was presented at the PaJAMAS (The PAlmetto Joint Arithmetic, Modularity, and Analysis Serie) conference 2020 by Tudor Popescu, Saam Rasool, and me, but it is a joint work with Prefessor Steven J. Miller, Joshua M. Siktar, and PolymathREU Prime Walk group in summer 2020. The paper is under review, so I can only provide the link to the olde version of this paper on ArXiv. 
type: "Conference"
permalink: /talks/2020-09-01-talk-3
venue: "Polymath REU program"
date: 2020-09-01
location: "Virtual Conference"
---

This work was presented at the PaJAMAS (The PAlmetto Joint Arithmetic, Modularity, and Analysis Serie) conference 2020 by Tudor Popescu, Saam Rasool, and me, but it is a joint work with Prefessor Steven J. Miller, Joshua M. Siktar, and PolymathREU Prime Walk group. 

**Abstract**
------

An interesting open conjecture asks whether it is possible to walk to infinity along primes, where each term in the sequence has one digit more than the previous. We present different greedy models for prime walks to predict the long-time behavior of the trajectories of orbits, one of which has similar behavior to the actual backtracking one. Furthermore, we study the same conjecture for square-free numbers, which is motivated by the fact that they have a strictly positive density, as opposed to primes. We introduce stochastic models and analyze the walks' expected length and frequency of digits added. Lastly, we prove that it is impossible to walk to infinity in other important number-theoretical sequences or on primes in different bases.

**More Information**
------

This is the link to our paper on ArXiv: {% include base_path %}[Walking to Infinity Along Some Number Theory sequences](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.14932). Please bear in mind that there may be mistakes on the paper, as it is the first version of it. The updated version of the paper will be posted when it gets accepted. 

Moreover, here is the [slides](https://digitalcommons.bowdoin.edu/honorsprojects/266/) that I wrote upon graduation. It is on the Bowdoin Digital Commons website. Non-Bowdoin students should be able to access the file in May 2022, but for my Bowdoin fellows, it should be now available for you all. 


**Many Thanks to**
------
All the professors at Bowdoin College who had helped me throughout the process of make this happened, especially, Professor Naomi Tanabe who is such a wonderful advisor and mentor to me. 
